Add history mode guide (#49)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: how-to-handle-history-mode-files.md

#### What is History Mode

History mode allows us to capture every version of each record processed by the fivetran connectors.
In order to keep all versions of the record, we have introduced three new system columns for tables with history mode enabled.

Column | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
_fivetran_active | Boolean | TRUE if it is the currently active record. FALSE if it is a historical version of the record. Only one version of the record can be TRUE.

> _fivatran_start | TimeStamp | The time when the record was first created or modified in the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_fivetran_start | TimeStamp | The time when the record was first created or modified in the source.
```
Should n't be TIMESTAMP?

Author: @5tran-alexil  It seems fine to me. Let me know if TimeStamp looks odd to you, if yes then I can make changes for DataTypes at all the places

> _fivetran_end | TimeStamp | The value for this column depends on whether the record is active. If the record is not active(`_fivetran_active`=FALSE), then `_fivetran_end` value will be `_fivetran_start` of the next version of the record minus 1 millisecond. If the record is deleted, then the value will be the same as the timestamp of delete operation. If the record is active(`_fivetran_active`=TRUE), then `_fivetran_end` is the max allowed value that we can set for a TIMESTAMP column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_fivetran_end | TimeStamp | The value for this column depends on whether the record is active. If the record is not active (`_fivetran_active`=FALSE), then `_fivetran_end` value will be `_fivetran_start` of the next version of the record minus 1 millisecond. If the record is deleted, then the value will be the same as the timestamp of delete operation. If the record is active (`_fivetran_active`=TRUE), then `_fivetran_end` is the maximal allowed value that we can set for a TIMESTAMP column.
```

> #### Points to remember in history mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Points to remember in history mode
```

> - In WriterBatchRequest we pass a new optional field HistoryMode which indicates connector is in history mode or not. In this HistoryMode field, we pass `deleted_column` column name which we need to modify only if it is present in destination.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In `WriterBatchRequest`, we pass a new optional field HistoryMode which indicates connector is in history mode or not. In this HistoryMode field, we pass `deleted_column` column name which we need to modify only if it is present in destination.   
```
Shouldn't it be `history_mode` or something similar? Why the discrepancy in the letter case for field names?

Author: This is a new field Type we pass in proto interface. It shouldn't follow camelcase. 
Field Type should follow this case `HistoryMode` and Field Name should follow camelcase i.e. `history_mode`.
Here we are providing details go Field Type

> - In `WriterBatchRequest`, we pass a new optional field HistoryMode which indicates connector is in history mode or not. In this HistoryMode field, we pass `deleted_column` column name which we need to modify only if it is present in destination.   

Author: In history mode, we are checking if `deleted_column` is present in destination(This column will be present in case of custom deleted column). If it does then we are marking this column value to TRUE where we are marking _fivetran_active to FALSE.
A discussion is going on with product if this column is really required

> - In WriterBatchRequest we pass a new optional field HistoryMode which specifies if current connector mode is history mode or not. In this HistoryMode field, we pass `deleted_column` column name which we need to modify only if it is present in destination.   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In WriterBatchRequest we pass a new optional field HistoryMode which indicates connector is in history mode or not. In this HistoryMode field, we pass `deleted_column` column name which we need to modify only if it is present in destination.   
```

> - If the existing table is not empty then in the batch file we also send a boolean column `_fivetran_earliest`. Suppose in an `upsert` we got multiple versions of the same record in a flush, then we set the `_fivetran_earliest` to `TRUE` for the record which have the earliest `_fivetran_start` and rest of the versions will have `_fivetran_earliest` as FALSE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the existing table is not empty, then, in the batch file, we also send a boolean column `_fivetran_earliest`. Suppose, in an `upsert`, we got multiple versions of the same record in a flush, then we set the `_fivetran_earliest` column value to `TRUE` for the record which have the earliest `_fivetran_start` and rest of the versions will have `_fivetran_earliest` as FALSE.
```

> - If the existing table is not empty, then, in the batch file, we also send a boolean column `_fivetran_earliest`. Suppose, in an `upsert`, we got multiple versions of the same record in a flush, then we set the `_fivetran_earliest` column value to `TRUE` for the record which have the earliest `_fivetran_start` and rest of the versions will have `_fivetran_earliest` as FALSE.

Author: It indicates the earliest one in the batch file

> - For each Replace, Update and Delete batch files, DELETE the existing records from destination table if `_fivetran_start` of destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of batch file(Refer Replace example 1 and example 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For each Replace, Update and Delete batch files, DELETE the existing records from destination table if `_fivetran_start` of destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of batch file (refer to  [Example 1](#example1) and [Example 2](#example2)).
```

Author: done

> Note: The `_fivetran_earliest` column shouldn't be added in the destination table. It is introduced to easily identify the earliest record and can be used to optimize data loads query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `_fivetran_earliest` column shouldn't be added in the destination table. It is introduced to easily identify the earliest record and can be used to optimize the data loads query.
```

Author: done

> Note: This `_fivetran_earliest` column should never be added in the destination table. We introduced this column to easily identify the earliest record and can be used to optimize data loads query.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: The `_fivetran_earliest` column shouldn't be added in the destination table. It is introduced to easily identify the earliest record and can be used to optimize data loads query.
```

Author: done

> Below is an example of `replaqce_file`

Reviewer 3: rename it to - `replace_file`

Id(PK) | COL1    | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_earliest
---|---------|---------------------| --- |------------------| --- 
1 | abc     | T1                  | T2-1  | FALSE            | TRUE
2 | xyz     | T1                  | TMAX | TRUE             | TRUE
1 | pqr     | T2                  | T3-1 | FALSE            | FALSE
1 | def | T3                  | TMAX                | TRUE             | FALSE

> #### How to Handle Replaces, Updates and Deletes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# How to Handle Replaces, Updates and Deletes
```

> ##### Replace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Replace
```

> ###### Example 1:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 1: `_fivetran_start` column value of destination row is less than  `_fivetran_start` of matching row in batch file:
```

> When `_fivetran_start` of destination table is less than  `_fivetran_start` of batch file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `_fivetran_start` column value of destination table is less than  `_fivetran_start` of batch file.
```
Incomplete sentence.

Author: I am trying to add 2 examples:
 Example 1: When  the `_fivetran_start` column value in the destination table is less than  `_fivetran_start` of the batch file.
Example2: When the `_fivetran_start` column value in the destination table is greater than or equal to the `_fivetran_start` in the batch file.

> When the `_fivetran_start` column value of destination table is less than  `_fivetran_start` of batch file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Suppose the existing Table in destination is as below:

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_synced
--- |------|----| --- | --- | --- | ---
1 | abc  | 1  |T1 | T2-1 | FALSE | T100
1 | pqr | 2  |  T2 | TMAX | TRUE | T101
2 | mno | 3  | T2  | TMAX | TRUE | T103

> At source new records are added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At source, new records are added:
```

Author: done

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2 | Timestamp | Type
--- | --- | --- |-----------| ---
1 | def |1 | T3        | Inserted
1 | ghi | 1 |  T4       | Inserted

> Replace batch file will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Replace batch file will be:
```

Author: incorporated

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2  | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivatran_earliest | _fivetran_synced
--- |------|-------|---------------------| --- | --- | --- | ---
1 | def  | 1     | T3                  | T4-1 | FALSE | TRUE | T104
1 | ghi  | 1| T4                  | TMAX | TRUE | FALSE | T105

> Final Destination Table will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final destination table will be:
```

Author: Incorporated

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2   | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_synced
--- |---|--------|---------------------| --- |------------------| ---
1  | abc | 1      | T1                  | T2-1 | FALSE            | T100
1 | pqr | 2      | T2                  | T3-1 | FALSE            | T101
2  | mno  | 3  | T3                  | TMAX | TRUE             | T103
1 | def | 1 |T3 | T4-1 | FALSE            | T104
1  | ghi | 1 | T4 | TMAX | TRUE             | T105

**Explanation:**
- We got new records for id = 1. 

> - Check for corresponding earliest record(`_fivetran_earliest` as TRUE), DELETE the existing records from destination table if `_fivetran_start` of destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of batch file(In above example no)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check for the corresponding earliest record (`_fivetran_earliest` as TRUE), DELETE the existing records from the destination table when the `_fivetran_start` column value in the destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of batch file.
```

Author: done

> - We check for the corresponding earliest record (`_fivetran_earliest` as TRUE), and deleted the existing records from the destination table where the `_fivetran_start` column value in the destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of batch file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We check for the corresponding earliest record (`_fivetran_earliest` = TRUE), and delete the existing records from the destination table where the `_fivetran_start` column value is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of matching rows in batch file.
```

> - `_fivetran_end` of the active record in destination table is set to `_fivatran_start`-1 of the `_fivatran_earliest` record of batch file.

Author: done

> - Set `_fivetran_active` for above updated record to FALSE and `deleted_column`(if present in destination table) to TRUE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the `_fivetran_active` column value for the above updated record to FALSE and `deleted_column` (if present in the destination table) to TRUE.
```

Author: done

> - New records are inserted AS IS excluding `_fivetran_earliest` column in destination table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New records are inserted _as is_ excluding the `_fivetran_earliest` column in the destination table.
```

Author: done

> - We set the `_fivetran_active` column value for the above updated record to FALSE and `deleted_column` (if present in the destination table) to TRUE.

Reviewer 2: Is it really called `deleted_column` in the destination table or something else?

Author: In destination table this column name can be anything. This is the column name we will pass to partners

###### Example 2

> When `_fivetran_start` of destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` of batch file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `_fivetran_start` column value in the destination table is greater than or equal to  `_fivetran_start` in the batch file.
```

Author: done

> - We inserted new records _as is_ excluding the `_fivetran_earliest` column in the destination table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We inserted new records in the destination table _as is_, excluding the `_fivetran_earliest` column.
```

> ###### Example 2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example 2: `_fivetran_start` column value of destination row is greater than or equal to the  `_fivetran_start` of matching row in the batch file.
```

> Suppose the existing Table in destination is as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose the existing table in destination is as below:
```

Author: incorporated

> When the `_fivetran_start` column value in the destination table is greater than or equal to the  `_fivetran_start` in the batch file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_synced
--- |---|--------|---------------------| --- |------------------| ---
1  | xyz | 4 | T1 | T3-1 | FALSE            | T100
1  | abc | 1 | T3 | T4-1 | FALSE            | T100 
1  | pqr | 2 | T4 | TMAX | TRUE             | T101
2  | mno | 3 | T4 | TMAX | TRUE             | T103

> At source new records are added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the source, new records are added:
```

Author: incorporated

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2  | Timestamp  | Type
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1 | ghi | 1  | T2  | Inserted

> Replace batch file will be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Replace batch file will be as follows:
```

Author: incorporated

Id(PK) | COL1  | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_earliest | _fivetran_synced
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1  | ghi | 1 | T2 | TMAX | TRUE | TRUE | T104

Final Destination table will be as follows:

Id(PK) |  COL1  | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_synced
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- 
1  | ghi | 1 | T2 | TMAX | TRUE | T104
1  | xyz | 4 | T1 | T3-1 | FALSE | T100
2  | mno | 3 | T4 | TMAX | TRUE | T103

**Explanation:**

> - We got new records for id = 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We got a new record for id = 1.
```

> - We check for the corresponding earliest record(`_fivetran_earliest` as TRUE), and deleted the existing records from the destination table if `_fivetran_start` of destination table is greater than or equal to the `_fivetran_start` of the batch file(in the above example we have such records, so we deleted records with id = 1, _fivetran_start = T3 and id = 1, _fivetran_start = T4).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We check for the corresponding earliest record(`_fivetran_earliest` = TRUE), and delete existing records from the destination table where `_fivetran_start` of destination row is greater than or equal to the `_fivetran_start` of the matching row in batch file. In this example we have such records, so we deleted records with id = 1, _fivetran_start = T3 and id = 1, _fivetran_start = T4.
```

- `_fivetran_end` of the active record in destination table is set to `_fivetran_start`-1 of the `_fivetran_earliest` record of batch file.
- We set the `_fivetran_active` column value for above updated record to FALSE and `deleted_column`(if present in destination table) to TRUE.

> - We inserted new records _as is_ excluding the `_fivetran_earliest` column in the destination table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We insert new records _as is_ excluding the `_fivetran_earliest` column
```

> ##### Updates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Updates
```

Suppose the existing table in destination is as below:

Id(PK) | COL1 | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_synced
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- 
1  | abc  | 1  | T1  | T2-1  | FALSE  | T100
1 | pqr | 2 | T2 | TMAX | TRUE | T101
2 | mno | 3 | T2 | TMAX | TRUE | T103

> At the source records with Id = 1 is updated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the source, record with Id = 1 is updated:
```

Id(PK) | COL1 | Timestamp  | Type
--- | --- | --- | ---
1 | xyz | T3 | Updated

> And record with id = 2 is updated as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And record with Id = 2 is updated as:
```

Id(PK) |  COL2  | Timestamp  | Type
--- | --- | --- | ---
2 | 1000 | T4 | Updated

And record with Id = 1 is again updated as

Id(PK) |  COL1  | Timestamp  | Type
--- | --- | --- | ---
1  | def  | T5  | Updated

The update batch file will be as follows:

Id(PK) | COL1  | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_earliest | _fivetran_synced
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1  | xyz | | T3| T5-1 | FALSE | TRUE | T107
2 | | 1000 | T4 | TMAX | TRUE | TRUE | T108
1 | def | | T5 | TMAX | TRUE | FALSE | T109

Final Destination Table will be as follows:

Id(PK) |  COL1  | COL2 | _fivetran_start(PK) | _fivetran_end | _fivetran_active | _fivetran_synced
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
1  | abc  | 1  | T1  | T2-1  | FALSE  | T100
1  | pqr | 2 | T2 | T3-1 | FALSE | T101
2  | mno | 3 | T2 | T4-1 | FALSE | T103
1  | def | 2 | T5 | TMAX | TRUE | T109
1  | xyz | 2 | T3 | T5-1 | FALSE | T107
2  | mno | 1000 | T4 | TMAX | TRUE | T108

**Explanation:**
 - In batch file we got records with id = 1 and id = 2.

> - We set other columns(non updated columns) to the values of the active records. In above case for id = 2, we didn’t get COL1 value, so we set COL1 to “mno”(COL1 value of the active record).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We set unmodified columns to the values of the active records. In this example, for Id = 2, we didn’t get COL1 value, so we set COL1 to “mno” (COL1 value of the active record).
```

 - We set `_fivetran_end` of the active record in destination table to `_fivetran_start`-1 of the `_fivetran_earliest` record of batch file.
- We set `_fivetran_active` column value for above updated record to FALSE and `deleted_column`(if present in destination table) to TRUE.
- We set other columns _as is_ from the batch file in the destination table except the `_fivetran_earliest` column.

> ##### Deletes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Deletes
```
